So the last thing that we need to do now is we need to upload our changes to Jenkins.
So we can do this by right, click it on the project and get into properties.
And if you click on this icon, it will take you to where your framework file or folder is located.
So in my case, it's in my resources workspace folder.
And I've got like Project One highlighted.
So I now need to move this to the location where Jenkins observes.
So I'm going to open up another phone explorer.
And on the C drive and the users under my username I've got a dot Jenkins folder my listed my life project
one previously.
So I am going to copy this updated project.
And I'm going to replace the one in the Jenkins folder.
The place, the final destination.
So that has now been copied over.
So now if I go back to Jenkins and try running it, let's see if the reports get generated.
So again, to run Jenkins, I'm going to open up command prompt.
I'm going to go to my resources folder.
I've got Jenkins listed here.
So this is the wall file.
I'm going to copy that directory.
And to start.
Jenkins I'm first going to change that directory.
And then I'm going to run the command.
Java.
I have an.
John.
Jenkins thought war.
And I always thought Jenkins for me.
So let's just give that a second for it to finish.
So now it says Jenkins is fully up and running.
So if I open up chrome.
And go to local host.
8080.
We should be taken to the Jenkins login page.
Well, I need to enter my login information.
And now I'm on the Jenkins dashboard.
So all I need to do is execute job one.
So because I updated the project folder in the background.
That means that all I need to do is open that same job and it'll be observing that new live project.
One folder that replaced the original from.
So now all I'm going to do is select build now.
And this should generate the test for us.
So you can see that the job has started running.
And the reason why it jumped from version 4 to 11 is because I've been tested in some changes while
in between videos, so don't worry about a number difference.
So those tests have generated and started running and now that test is complete.
And if I click on this job.
A look at console output, for example.
It will show you how many tests run and what passed and failed.
Now currently to review those reports, we would need to go to the Dot Jenkins folder.
And in light of Project one, there's a report folder which will now display the report for that job
that we just generated.
So you may be asking yourself.
Is there a way that we can review the reports in Jenkins itself?
And the answer to that question is, yes, there is.
So I'm going to select on Jenkins and then I'm going to select Manager Jenkins, and then I'm going
to click manage plug ins.
Then I'm going to select this available tab and I'm going to tie it to email and you should see how
much HTML publisher.
So if I select this and then select install, so I'm going to select install without restart.
That will start installing that plug in for us.
Once has completed, you'll see success messages here.
Now, if I go back to the Jenkins main page and if I click on Manager Jenkins.
So if I click on the job itself.
So job one and I select configure.
If I scroll down.
And if I go to the ad posted with action.
You see an option now for public.
Publish HTML reports.
So this option wouldn't be available until you install that plug in.
So I'm going to slap that.
And then I'm going to select this add button and you'll see I need to provide some information here.
So this top field is the directory of where the reports reside.
And this is from this life project one folder.
So all I need to provide is this report folder name.
So here I'm going to enter report forward slash.
This index page is the HTML files you want to return to Jenkins.
So as we're using dynamic names in our files or in our reports where we're using the date and time,
I'm going to change index to Asterix the HMO, so that returns all reports to me.
And then go into Select Save.
And before I run this next build, I need to make one further change.
So before through this change, actually, it probably be better to show you what the current issue
is.
So before we run another build, it's good practice to restart Jenkins to make sure those changes take
effect.
So I'm going to close this browser and in come online, I'm going to click on the window and press control,
see on my keyboard.
You may have to press a couple of times, and that will stop.
Jenkins.
And if I run that command, that Java Jenkins stop war again, it will restart it.
And then once that's restarted, that's when we can go back to the login page and log in to go back
to executing the job.
So in the search bar again I'm going to write local host and the port number.
And it would ask me to log in again.
And on doing so, I'm going to click Job one.
And then I'm going to select Build now.
And that will start to build.
So I'm going to pause this video to that completes.
And now it is completed.
If I go back to the dashboard.
And taking that job again.
You should see there's an icon now for each HTML report.
And it's also shown here.
If I select that.
You should see something like this.
And this is the issue that I'm talking about in regards to the style in not being applied.
So there's a way that we can fix this.
And the reason this happens is to do with a security set in Jenkins.
So there is a workaround to prevent this styling from not being displayed.
So I'm going to go back to Jenkins.
And I'm going to click on the Jenkins icon and I'm going to select Manage Jenkins.
And if I scroll down.
We're looking for.
Script console.
If I select that this is a console where we can enter some commands.
So I am going to attach a command for which you can enter here as an attachment to this lecture on Udemy.
So this command consists of the following.
So this is something I haven't written myself.
It's just been sourced from a simple Google search.
So if I copy this.
And pieces in the script console and then click Run.
That would have been applied.
So now if I go back to Jenkins and click on Job One and then click on HTML reports.
You should see the styling has been applied again and the first report that will be displayed is the
1/1 in the archive and you can see it is tabs here for all the other reports that have been generated
since I've been executing these jobs with extended reports.
Run running.
So the only issue we have now is that the screenshot is not being displayed, fruit is plug in and that
is something we could fix by will require some additional configuration.
So my advice is if you do want the screenshots to just source the report files from the Jenkins report
directory as that is by far the easiest method.
So that now concludes the Extent Report section and that also concludes Live Project one.
Just to reflect on what's been achieved here.
We've created a fully functional, well designed framework that uses a whole host of technologies.
We've used the paved logic model for maintainability.
We've used Fred local so that we can run our tests in parallel execution.
We've used Maven so that we can add dependencies to our project.
We've used things like the config file so that our project is configurable, and we've used things like
listeners to trigger certain actions on events.
We've also now included extend reports and we've got that run in with Jenkins.
So you can see that a lot has been achieved through those videos and I hope you've learnt a lot of useful
information.
So I'd like to thank you for following me up to this point.
And in the next section, you introduce the next topic.